hello venture among all are finally
returned from vacation have been in
greece because she didn't know why not
follow me on facebook fox I leave you the
link to my facebook page
finally I returned I was a
corfu in the corfu street in greece
who amused me a lot will also do
a video in my salt channel
boy then I also leave you the link
of his infobox channel we will do a
video we recorded a video in
vacation a very entertaining videoblog with
all the vicissitudes that a gift seeks and
so in the coming days it will be online
then today in the art you have me
really required in so many for the
back to school or one in the other
easy for school so even if not
we do it last day is not
important a truly simple veiled
using an underwire one
hairpin then follow the tutorial
I repeat simple then now maybe
network goes well too simple
follow the tutorial to understand all the
passages first, that is a base
smoothing and whitening over the entire nail
left to dry
now I apply a monochrome pink color
candy pastel and is the number 102 big
brush with the umbrella brush I do
two past many of you tell me that
they can't find the doctor around
here is an alternative shirt we take
a hairpin with tips
cerate is simply let's go to
enlarge it this way is so we would
got a nice homemade bang for
recreate the dots on the nails
so now I take a black polish and
my homemade doctor and go
create four dots 4c of
mark my flower
Now with a needle and that there we
all at home I go to simply
pull swipe the continuous and creating
so a petal really very much
realistic sign some more
continuous side with the pitch hairpin
the top coat and nail art for the school
it's complete girls with this is all i
I wish you all a good year
school